These statements
have not been evaluated
by the Food
and Drug Administration.
This product is not intended
to diagnose,
treat, cure, or prevent
any disease.
It is not intended
to provide medical advice
or take the place
of medical advice or treatment
from a personal physician.
Next on farm to fit your road
to regenerative health.
It's time for a serious
gut check.
How can a little capsule do
so much?  Regenerative, organic
certified probiotics
for metabolism
support your gut and cellular
metabolism.
We've got the dirt on
everything you need to know.
When you dig into a field.
You want your soil
to be like a sponge,
plus a game of probiotics.
True or false?
Probiotics
only benefit gut health.
That's not the case.
Not the case.
Grab your phones.
Because we have a special offer.
You won't find any place
else. Farm to fit.
Your road to regenerative
health starts now.
Welcome to farm to fit your
roadmap to regenerative health.
I'm Sonya Azad
health and wellness
expert here at Merit Street
Media.
My guest today is Jordan Rubin,
New York Times
bestselling
author and founder of Ancient
Nutrition.
Also, and most importantly,
one of America's
leading farmers of superfoods.
Good to see you. It's
great to be back.
What a treat
to have a farmer here
to talk with us
about regenerative health.
But our most important topic
that we want to tackle
today is about probiotics.
This is something that's super
confusing to people.
What are probiotics?
Why do we need them?
When should we use them?
Probiotics
simply are good germs.
Now, if you would have told
my grandmother
or great grandmother growing up
that germs are good,
they would have looked at you
sideways.
But our digestive tract
is battleground
number one
for all things health.
You need more good germs,
more probiotics
than negative or bad germs.
And when that balance is there,
you are very healthy.
But what's interesting about
gut health?
It isn't simply focused on
gas, bloating,
indigestion,
the things we don't talk about
at the dinner table
that everybody goes through.
Now, researchers believe that
the health of your gut
affects your immune system,
your nervous system,
including your brain
and every aspect of wellness.
In fact, leading doctors
believe that
no matter what you have going
on, the way to get to
the bottom of it
is through your gut
and the guardians of your gut
are probiotics.
Oh, I like that.
The guardians of your gut
and I have so many questions
about probiotics
prebiotics post biotics,
but I do want to explain,
for those of you
who might be new to the show,
what is regenerative health
and sort of connect the dots
for us between farming
and what we're talking about.
Regenerative health
simply means taking back
what was lost,
bringing life from death.
And that happens each
and every day in our body.
Cells die. New cells are reborn.
We've got microorganisms
that live
one day they die the next.
We want to make sure
that we connect ourselves
not only in our body
and our minds, which we talk
we want to make sure
that the health of our body
is connected to the health
of our soil through the food
and supplement choices we make,
because if we can consume
foods, beverages,
and even supplements
that are grown
and raised properly,
we will be a reflection
not only of what we're eating.
Because the old adage
you are what you eat,
but the choices we make in
our diet
can actually improve the soil,
and of course, vice versa.
Well, and when we are talking
about ingesting our food,
our nutrients,
this affects the gut microbiome.
So why is gut health
so important?
There was actually a great book
written years ago
by a pathologist
called The Second Brain.
And Doctor
Gershon said in the book
that there's more brain
chemicals produced in
your gut than there
is anywhere else in your body.
So it isn't just about
gut symptoms or a tummy ache or
health conditions that we know
are causing an imbalanced gut.
Everything you do in
your body is governed by your
gut, including metabolism,
which we're going to talk about
today.
Yes. And immune system,
immune function,
most of which is connected
to gut health.
Of course, we are talking about
unique supplementation
that is all connected
back to Jordan's farms.
And I was lucky enough to visit
Jordan on his farm in Tennessee
and see what it really takes
to grow superfoods.
Let's take a look.
We see all these
beautiful plants, but
we're talking about probiotics.
And you believe
some of the best probiotics
actually come from the soil.
All probiotics
originate from the soil.
And years
ago, our ancestors consumed
fresh food from the ground.
They would pick a carrot, wipe
the dirt off on the surface,
and then consume it,
putting in their bodies
trillions of what we call soil
based organisms, or probiotics.
These probiotics are integral
to the health of plants.
In fact,
they guard the roots of plants,
making sure
that they are protected from
various germs
like parasites, bacteria, fungi,
even viruses
and they help absorb certain
nutrients, primarily minerals,
into the root system of plants.
And lastly, they even support
plant hormone balance,
essentially
being a living shield
and a nutrient delivery system
to the plants that we eat.
Best of all, when we ingest
probiotics from the soil,
like the Regenerative Organics
Certified Probiotics
Metabolism support,
we are getting improved
absorption,
digestion, elimination.
And these organisms,
once they're in our gut, act
as a living shield.
Now we know why
we need our daily dose of
metabolism support.
But not all
supplements are created equal.
Jordan is going to share
the secret behind his ROC
Metabolism Probiotic supplement.
When we come back.  Our
Regenerative Organics Certified
Probiotics for metabolism
are hardy.
In fact, they are boiled
in order to ensure
that they are strong so they get
where they're supposed to go.
Where as many probiotics
you'll find in
your cooler are dead on arrival.
But we mentioned Regenerative
Organic Certified,
that is one of three
independent certifications
that these groundbreaking
probiotics carry.
They are certified organic,
they are non-GMO,
no genetically modified
organisms involved
in the manufacturing
or as ingredients.
And they are regenerative
organic certified that means
95% or more
of the ingredients are grown
on a regenerative
organic certified farm
just like ours.
How often
do you stare at your belly?
Too full? Too bloated? Before
you look back in the mirror.
Let's help keep your gut healthy
from the inside out.
Start your day
with the first ever Regenerative
Organic
certified metabolism support.
Probiotics.
Metabolism is your body's
engine,
determining how fast or slow
it turns food into energy.
It helps promote
your healthy muscles, bones,
and perhaps most importantly,
your gut.
Our powerful probiotic formula
supports a healthy metabolism,
promotes healthy energy,
supports
a healthy immune system,
supports a healthy response
to inflammation.
Supports
a healthy response to stress.
Supports a positive outlook.
Reduces occasional constipation,
gas and bloating.
Supports healthy elimination.
Supports
healthy digestive function.
Our secret
we've designed our probiotics
specifically
with healthy metabolism
support in mind.
Your metabolism and gut health
are intricately linked.
Today, we have a special offer
for our viewers.
Save 30% with your preferred
customer order.
The shipping is free
and we offer a 30 day
money back guarantee.
We even pay for the return
shipping.
If you are not satisfied.
Call 1-800-522-1773
or go to Ancient Gut health.com.
This exclusive formula combines
ten diverse
strains of probiotics and post
biotics.
It also includes vitamin B12,
regenerative organic certified
cordyceps, mycelium, and
organic fermented ginger root,
all specifically chosen
to give your healthy metabolism
the support it craves.
And it's not just good for you.
When growing our ingredients,
we demand the highest standards
in history for soil health,
animal
welfare, and social fairness.
So unlock the power of your gut.
Dive into wellness.
Support your digestion
and feel your best.
Don't wait another minute.
Call 1-800-522-1773 now
or visit us online at Ancient
Gut health.com
and take advantage
of these amazing offers
from Ancient Nutrition.
Welcome back.
I mean, what a beautiful farm.
What a beautiful place.
I didn't want to leave.
We are here with Jordan,
Rubin and Jordan,
what makes your probiotics
so unique?
Our Regenerative
Organics certified probiotics
for metabolism are hardy.
In fact,
they are boiled in order
to ensure that they are strong.
So they get
where they're supposed to go,
where as many probiotics
you'll find in
your cooler are dead on arrival.
But we mention Regenerative
Organic Certified
that is one of three
independent certifications
that these groundbreaking
probiotics carry.
They are certified organic.
They are non-GMO.